---
layout: post
title: "Winter School 2012 (2)"
date: 2012-12-11 20:45
comments: true
categories: experience
---

Well, I should say days are going better than I expected. It's been studious, informative,
and I've been exposed to huge amounts of knowledge. It's righted all the wrongs that 
happened in the IISc during last summer, to start with at least.

To begin with, [Carolyn][carolyn] has been speaking about cutting edge research (analysis?) that they
are doing in their University. It's been sheer awesome to see the kinds of work they do. They
simply motivate you to look harder, solve bigger problems and tackle tougher questions.
<!--more-->

Then we come back to presenting our own idea to the members of our small, peaceful track. We might
not be (or may be) a bunch of super intelligent bunch, but we have been giving some ideas and 
[Bhiksha][bhiksha] has been giving great feedback. He took a large part in deciding on one of the three 
problems. Partly because of his own interest, he chose us to do some work on Raaga Recognition - 
yes, I know it's not even on yesterday's list! Today, me and Madhumita (my team member) were
discussing about the idea in the morning when it suddenly occurred to us that it's possible to
do something like recognising ragas from music. Classical music! Yes, that excited me easily.
Even Bhiksha went as far as calling it a 'cute' idea!

So now we are asked to study about 'structure discovery' stuff like that, and the [paper][paper]s that 
were written by one Matthew Brand are just going over my head. I decided to get accustomed with all 
the probability-related terms that come in the paper. So I decided to take help of the infinitely 
awesome Introduction to Artificial Intelligence course taken by 
[Peter Norvig][peter] and [Sebastian Thrun][sebastian] (oh, do read up about him - brilliant guy!)
that's available [here][aiclasses].

Now, I'm a little better after watching 50 or so lectures (oh, they are small and they have 
questions popping in the end of the videos that you have to answer on the video!). Going back to
room (sick of this room - and the number in the room has increased, and all are new).

I hope to be able to present the paper that I am to read. 

I'm kinda lost. I'm kinda enjoying it too.
 
[aiclasses]: ai-class.com
[paper]: http://merl.com/papers/docs/TR98-19.pdf
[bhiksha]: http://mlsp.cs.cmu.edu/people/bhiksha/
[carolyn]: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~cprose/
[peter]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Norvig
[sebastian]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sebastian_Thrun
