---
published: false
layout: post
title: "Winter School 2012 (4)"
date: 2012-12-13 06:02
comments: true
categories: journal
tags: 
 - experience 
 - memoir
---
These posts are the only way I keep track of days nowadays. I don't have any idea 
what day it is, what time it is for most part of the day. It's surprisingly 
good to spend time without actually worrying about the guilty feeling that
I'm not doing anything. Maybe I'm well behind the required progress in Winter
School, but I'm well ahead of my own capabilities - and I'm trying to stretch.
<!--more-->
Even today was similar, beginning with a great talk about [NMF][nmf] about which
I'll write one day - after implementing it, probably. [Rita][rita] was brilliant
as usual, taking everyone through a journey into sound signals and their properties
and showing how to play with them.

Day progressed as I tried to make some Python code work, without succeeding. I would 
like to see some more code and do some more progress by the end of today, so I can
show [Bhiksha][bhiksha] something. 

In the evening, he explained to us - oh, I don't even remember what - [Maximum _a priori_ 
Estimation][map]. He started with the concept, and came up with an elegant model. But I 
couldn't understand some of it - or atleast, I couldn't wrap my head around the big 
picture - which left me stammering on stage when I was asked to explain. Then,
he went on to explain it. I hope to understand some of it today, and implement it slowly.

Life changing as it may be, it is difficult too. Some more effort would make it 
a real success.

Bye, folks.


[bhiksha]: http://mlsp.cs.cmu.edu/people/bhiksha/
[rita]: http://mlsp.cs.cmu.edu/people/rsingh
[map]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_a_posteriori
[nmf]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-negative_matrix_factorization
