---
layout: post
title: "Winter School 2012"
date: 2012-12-10 23:27
comments: true
categories: experience
---

Winter vacations are supposed to be spent hibernating in your own den. Somehow not
satisfied with my academic performance for this semester (it was near null), I wanted
to make up for that by doing something in winter. So I ended up here, at Winter School.
<!--more-->
It had an application process, true, but all the pride liquified when I realized that there 
were only 250 applicants. I was definitely better, with the recommendation from the Head of the 
Department and the ex-HOD of my department! So after breakfast (bland sandwich, good idli-vada),
inauguration happens. Although many guests spoke well, 2 stood out. One, our tutor [Carolyn  
P Rosé][carolyn], who is a cheerful, energetic sweet lady, and the other, [Bhiksha Raj][bhiksha], a multi-lingual 
researcher, expert in his field and well spoken, both from Carnegie Mellon University,
our joint host. 

We were then separated according to our tracks (Speech, Data Mining, Computer Supported 
Collaborative Learning). Luckily (or not?), I land up in a group of 12. Teams were to be
made with other college students, and a team was instantly made with a couple of final year
EC students of MS Ramai(y!)ah College, the host institute. We were then given an interesting
introductory talk followed by lunch. After lunch, we were left to ourselves to select a topic on which 
we were going to conduct some research on for the next two weeks. 

It seemed okay till 5 PM, when we had this idea in mind and Bhiksha Raj comes in.
He asks each of the teams about their idea and when our turn came, he was hardly impressed.
Then began the real problem - finding a problem that would interest him!

We tried our best till 9 and remained split between one simple and another too complex idea - 
still unsure of how we will advance. For the presentation tomorrow, we are going to present
both the ideas and look for feedbacks.

Ideas are:

### Lyrics transcription/alignment:

We could either transcribe lyrics from song (which is pretty complex), or just align 
the already fetched lyrics to match the song. This includes isolating the singer's
voice, finding matches for the lyrics and align the lyrics temporally. Transcription,
on the other hand, is actually finding the lyrics.

### Learning using lecture videos:

When someone needs to learn about something, the first thing we do is find a 
course in the video repository, go to the course and pick up a random video and try our
luck. Instead, what if we could return you the exact clipping to watch? 

And, when you are watching a video, tags are selected, and video chunks related
to each of those tags are also shown to you. So when you get a doubt, just find the 
relevant tag and visit the related video segment.

Also, we had plans of implementing ML to make the results more meaningful (by 
implementing correct/wrong/forward/backward) and learn using the feedback.

I'll keep you updated about the rest, I'm sleepy now.

[bhiksha]: http://mlsp.cs.cmu.edu/people/bhiksha/
[carolyn]: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~cprose/
