---
published: false
layout: post
title: "404"
date: 2013-03-18 11:33
comments: true
categories: story
tags:
- story
- fiction
- love 
---

Riding the college roads on his cycle, passing by couples savouring the sweet
evening air, he couldn't help his mind while it raced back to the past,
screeching to stop a few years back. The memories were refreshing, just like the
cold wind rushing on the hot summer night as he pedalled happily on the downward
slope of the deserted road. He let himself recount those memories again, as
he let the bike take a decelerating climb and come to stop by itself. The
memories of the terminated relationship came flooding in. 

<!--more-->

It was years since he started liking her. Though he never expressed his feelings
explicitly, they were close to each other, either fighting or working together.
He didn't know who asked out who, but it turned into their first date. He was
excited as he waited for the bus to stop at the bus-stop where she'd be waiting.
Heart pounding, he stared out of the window.  

There she was, unmistakably glowing in the middle of the crowd. Waiting there,
twirling her silken hair between her fingers. His heart jolted as he got up from
his seat, made it to the door of the full bus. Squeezing himself out of the
door, he saw her standing there, a shy smile on her face as her elder sister
stood by her. 

He fumbled for words, and a warm smile from the sister was the best thing on his
list of expected things to happen. He was relieved when she thrust a 500 note
into his pocket, asked them to have fun and left. After all, they were still 17
and he knew he could accept that from her sister. 

Then he looked at her. As beautiful as she already was, she looked gorgeous in
the attire like nothing he had never seen any real girl wear. A sleeveless blue
top with a wide strap over the shoulder, accentuating her curves perfectly, was
complemented by dark knee-long pants. A vanity bag - he didn't remember the
details - she hung on her shoulders. Hair dark, long and smooth as he always new
her. Managing to shake off the feeling of awe, he asked her, *"Which way?"*. 

On the way, he didn't know what to think, he couldn't imagine how to spend the
rest of the day with her. *"Shall I go to a normal restaurant? Will she think
I'm too cheap?" "No, she knows me better, so I'll go to a normal restaurant
only" "I dont have much money to go to a big restaurant anyway"* and so on, the
debates inside his head went on. 

As he walked, he wanted to hold her hand, just like it happened in the movies.
Their hands only brushed, despite his best efforts to 'accidentally' touch them,
hoping they'd turn into holds. He couldn't muster up enough courage to go ahead
and actually hold her hand. *"I'll try after the movie"*, he told himself.

They finally got hold of their seats. Middle, front-ish maybe, he doesn't
remember. They sit down, making small talk as the credits rolled. As the movie
started, they started eating popcorn. The big bucket in the armrest between them
was the only one they had, and every time her hand touched his, it was like an
electric shock running through his arm. He could feel her smooth skin through
his shirt. He hoped they'd hold hands, but she never did. 

He felt a sudden jerk as the cycle passed pretty fast over the hump on the road,
and the jolt brought him back to the reality. To this day, he never stopped
seeing her in his head, whenever he felt lonely. It was like he never stopped
loving her, and whatever happened that caused their separation was
subconsciously erased from his head. He didn't remember one conversation of the
period. It was as if he was lying on the sofa at home all the three months, and
suddenly she was not his friend anymore. He couldn't remember what happened.

He pulled up near the footpath, put his cycle on stand and sat down nearby.
Taking out his mobile, he pondered over the thought of whether or not to message
her. It was awkward now, after having ended the whole thing rather harshly. She
would not message or call, and whenever he did, it didn't last long. 
Ignoring his better judgement, he messaged her.

*"Hey"*

*"Heya, long time!"*

*"Remembered you, so messaged!"*

*"Nice! wasap?"*

The conversations were much better then, hindi written with english and full of
love. Now they were simply *"howdy"* and a couple more lines.

*"Do you remember the day we went to watch that movie?"*

*"Yes, I bet you dont know a bit about the story"*, she said, rightly.

*"Yes, I dont know :P, but dont blame me"*

*"Why? Your memory sucks, but still..."*

*"That you looked so hot didn't help anyway"*

*"Hot? What was so special about me anyway"*, she mockingly asked. I was the one
who always told her she was pretty, and she never believed it.

*"That dress you wore - I'd never seen anything like that before"*, every bit of
it being true.

*"That was nothing special"*, well if that wasn't special, what has she started
wearing now, he wondered.

*"That sleeveless - I loved the way it showed off your curves!"*, once again
with the fear that she might stop chatting already. She went on.

*"Sleeveless? I've never worn one whenever we went out!"*, she said.

*"The sky blue one?"*, I remembered perfectly, how could she not?

*"I don't remember wearing any such dress whenever we went out! I'm sorry!"*,
her reply was surprising. Never? He so clearly could see her, he thought.

*"Well, what did you wear then, then?"*, he asked, confident that she would
remember it now.

*"A white half-sleeve t-shirt with brown strips!"*, swish came the reply.

How was that possible? He could not be wrong! *"Then the blue sleeveless?"*, he
now realized he didn't even know what to call that top. It was like one of those
vests guys wore.

*"Haha, no. I dont have any sleeveless of that color! And anyway, why would I
wear something like that for that outing?"*

*"Because it was a date? :P"*

*"A date? Silly! Haha! We had that whole bunch of friends with us, too! What
date are you talking about?"*

He didn't know what to reply. 

Before he could analyze what he just learned, he noticed that the cycle tyres
were flat. To his surprise, there were two long slashes on the tyre. How did he
drive all the way? He remembered riding till there. The cool wind, the
pleasurable ride. So crystal clear.

**FOOTNOTE1:** *Saar,* search title in google if you are not a web developer.   
**FOOTNOTE2:** Inspired by someone's true story. Modified to dramatize. 
