---
layout: post
title: "New Year"
date: 2013-01-01 02:01
comments: true
categories: journal
---
### One year passed.

I made some [resolutions][post] last year. I'll quickly review them:

I scored some good scores, but I think the awesome winter should make
up for the bad semester. I learnt a whole lot in Python, but never a step in ruby.
I took up a worthy project. I blogged quite regularly.

On the other hand, I didn't keep to a fitness regime. I didn't build any code, probably.
And I didn't take one single step towards that goal - learning a foreign language. French, my love!
<!-- more -->

### Ups and Downs.

I had a good semester, a bad vacation. A bad semester again, then a great winter. Overall, it's been
a fancy ride. Spent a lot of time with friends, went on awesome trips and even did some circus, but 
all ended well.

### New friends, lost gems.

Ah, winter and summer. Countless ones, it'd be bad if I failed to mention some. So I wont try at all. 
But one could look at my [facebook][facebook] activities and easily find out who were the people.

Sachin, Dravid, Laxman, Ponting and many more disappear from the glorious green grounds. Atleast, with 
their gloves and pads on, taking stance on the crease. Dravid finds himself comfortable in front of the 
camera already.

I cant remember the countless other gems the world lost, either in action, or from life. I'll try and mention
them as time goes and I miss them.


### Aging memories.

Now NITK has become old, the fateful summer long past, a bad semester behind me, and everything seems
to be fading. I don't want to forget how bright the other side was - trips, LNG, birthdays, etc. But one
can't stop the tides or time. 


### Sweet and sour moments.

There are way too many, but I have the curse of forgetting (blessing in disguise). I can't even remember
the moments, but when I remember the sweet ones, I'm elated. I also take my lessons from the sour ones.


### Broken promises, gritty decisions.

Including the resolutions, and several others that I took on the trot. 

Like the earth around the sun, life goes one full circle.
This time around, let's make it better, more memorable and more beautiful.

## Resolutions 2013

Resolutions for this year are as follows, I'll refine them as time passes

* Finish the project taken up in Winter School.
Take it to the logical conclusion, whatever it is, and try to put my best into it.

* Apply for the best offers I can get for the summer.
This includes CMU, Google SOC, or anything else.

* Improve my English, learn a foreign language (French?)
This has been on the list for too long now.

* Score a perfect 10 - whoa, that's a little over-ambitious, but aiming at stars I'll
atleast reach the moon.

* Be punctual, not procrastinating and, borrowing from a blog, be proactive. I'll 
elaborate on this when I get time. 

This year is going to be the most important year of my life, and whatever turns and twists my life
will take, will be decided by this year. So I need to in the best of my form and capacity, which I
will try to do.

Any feedback is welcome.

[post]: http://sid-rt.blogspot.in/2011_12_01_archive.html
[facebook]: https://facebook.com/siddhartha.thota

